Q1.Explain very briefly the difference between Git and Github.
Ans. Git is a version control system. It is used to track changes made in a file.
     It was developed using Unix. It uses a command line interface instead of a GUI.
     It tracks the history of a file.

     Github is a web based interface used to store git repositories.
     It functions similar to git, but it uses a GUI instead of CLI.
     It even provides other tools to manage a project.

Q2.Explain very briefly any 5 git commands.
Ans. (1)git init: converts a file into git repository.
               *It creates a hidden file which tracks the changes made to the folder/project.
     (2)git clone(url): It is used to retrive a repository from a host location.
                     *It is used to add the forked repository from github to git.
     (3)git status: It displays the state of working directory.
                 *It shows the list of files whose changes have not been commited.
     (4)git add:The untracked files/changes are added to a staging area.
     (5)git log: It is used to view the changes made in a git repository.
              *shows the history/ all changes made to the file/project that have been commited.
     (6)git restore --staged filename: removes the file from staging area.
     (7)git reset commit_id: all the commits above this commit are unstaged and the older version is restored.
     (8)git branch branchname: It creates a new branch.
     (9)git push: It is used to push the commits from git to github.

Q3.How to make a pull request.
Ans. A pull request is made to add the changes made by an individual to the main branch of the github repository.
     *The repository in which the pull request is to be made is cloned in git using git clone (url).
     *The file which is to be added to github is added to the staging area and it is commited.(git add filename,git commit -m" ")
     *THen the pull request is made by using the command git push origin/upstream branchname.